src/app/code/community/Creativestyle/AmazonPayments             app/code/community/Creativestyle/AmazonPayments
src/app/design/adminhtml/default/default/layout/*               app/design/adminhtml/default/default/layout/
src/app/design/adminhtml/default/default/template/creativestyle app/design/adminhtml/default/default/template/creativestyle
src/app/design/frontend/base/default/layout/*                   app/design/frontend/base/default/layout/
src/app/design/frontend/base/default/template/creativestyle     app/design/frontend/base/default/template/creativestyle
src/app/etc/modules/*                                           app/etc/modules/
src/app/locale/de_DE/Creativestyle_AmazonPayments.csv           app/locale/de_DE/Creativestyle_AmazonPayments.csv
src/app/locale/de_DE/template/email/amazon_payments_failed.html app/locale/de_DE/template/email/amazon_payments_failed.html
src/app/locale/en_GB/Creativestyle_AmazonPayments.csv           app/locale/en_GB/Creativestyle_AmazonPayments.csv
src/app/locale/en_GB/template/email/amazon_payments_failed.html app/locale/en_GB/template/email/amazon_payments_failed.html
src/app/locale/en_US/Creativestyle_AmazonPayments.csv           app/locale/en_US/Creativestyle_AmazonPayments.csv
src/app/locale/en_US/template/email/amazon_payments_failed.html app/locale/en_US/template/email/amazon_payments_failed.html
src/app/locale/es_ES/Creativestyle_AmazonPayments.csv           app/locale/es_ES/Creativestyle_AmazonPayments.csv
src/app/locale/es_ES/template/email/amazon_payments_failed.html app/locale/es_ES/template/email/amazon_payments_failed.html
src/app/locale/fr_FR/Creativestyle_AmazonPayments.csv           app/locale/fr_FR/Creativestyle_AmazonPayments.csv
src/app/locale/fr_FR/template/email/amazon_payments_failed.html app/locale/fr_FR/template/email/amazon_payments_failed.html
src/app/locale/it_IT/Creativestyle_AmazonPayments.csv           app/locale/it_IT/Creativestyle_AmazonPayments.csv
src/app/locale/it_IT/template/email/amazon_payments_failed.html app/locale/it_IT/template/email/amazon_payments_failed.html
src/js/creativestyle/*                                          js/creativestyle/
src/lib/OffAmazonPayments/*                                     lib/OffAmazonPayments/
src/lib/OffAmazonPaymentsNotifications/*                        lib/OffAmazonPaymentsNotifications/
src/lib/OffAmazonPaymentsService/*                              lib/OffAmazonPaymentsService/
src/skin/adminhtml/default/default/creativestyle                skin/adminhtml/default/default/creativestyle
src/skin/frontend/base/default/creativestyle                    skin/frontend/base/default/creativestyle
src/skin/frontend/rwd/default/creativestyle                     skin/frontend/rwd/default/creativestyle